docs(toggle): edit toggle component documentation (#1846)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/toggle.md

## Toggle

> <p class="highlight">The Ignite UI for Angular Toggle component allows the users to wrap some content into a box which can be easily opened and closed.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="highlight">The Ignite UI for Angular Toggle directive allows the users to wrap some content into a box which can be easily opened and closed.</p>
```

### Demo

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 370px">
    <iframe id="toggle-sample-1-iframe" data-src='{environment:demosBaseUrl}/interactions/toggle-sample-1' width="100%" height="100%" seamless="" frameBorder="0" class="lazyload"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="toggle-sample-1-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">                       view on stackblitz
    </button>
</div>

### Usage

#### First Steps

> To get started with the Toggle component, first you need to import the `IgxToggleModule` in your **app.module.ts** file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with the Toggle directive, first you need to import the `IgxToggleModule` in your **app.module.ts** file:
```

```typescript
// app.module.ts

...

> import { IgxToggleModule } from 'igniteui-angular'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { IgxToggleModule } from 'igniteui-angular';
```

@NgModule({
    ...
    imports: [..., IgxToggleModule]
    ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

>[!NOTE]

> > All toggle components implement the [`igxToggle`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtoggledirective.html) or the [`igxToggleAction`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtoggleactiondirective.html) directives internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Display Toggle

> In order to show and hide toggle content, use its [open]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtoggledirective.html#open) and [close]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtoggledirective.html#close) methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to show and hide the toggle content, use its [open]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtoggledirective.html#open) and [close]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtoggledirective.html#close) methods:
```

}
```

> Then in the template of our component we can apply the directive on the element we want to be togglable: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in the template of our component, we can apply the directive on the element we want to be togglable: 
```

```html
<!--template.component.html-->
<button class="toggle-button" igxButton="raised" (click)="toggleContent()">Toggle</button>
<div class="toggle-content" igxToggle>
    <section class="toggle-section">
        <img src="assets/images/toggle/nature.jpg"/>
    </section>
</div>
```

### Examples 

#### Change position 

> In the next sample we'll use different positioning strategy so the content is displayed below the button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next sample, we'll use a different positioning strategy so that the content is displayed below the button. 
```

> The `igxToggle` directive uses the [`IgxOverlayService`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxoverlayservice.html) provider. The `open`, `close` and `toggle` methods accept optional overlay settings to control how content is displayed. If omitted, the default overlay settings are used as seen in the previous sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `igxToggle` directive uses the [`IgxOverlayService`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxoverlayservice.html) provider. The `open`, `close` and `toggle` methods accept optional overlay settings that control how the content is displayed. If omitted, the default overlay settings are used as seen in the previous sample.
```

>[!NOTE]

> > By defaut the [`closeOnOutsideClick`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/overlaysettings.html#closeonoutsideclick) property is set to `true`. In order to disable this functionallity, the property have to be set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By defaut the [`closeOnOutsideClick`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/overlaysettings.html#closeonoutsideclick) property is set to `true`. In order to disable this functionallity, the property has to be set to `false`.
```

```typescript
// template.component.ts

...
    @ViewChild(IgxToggleDirective) public igxToggle: IgxToggleDirective;
    @ViewChild("button") public igxButton: ElementRef;

    public _positionSettings = {
        horizontalStartPoint: HorizontalAlignment.Left,
        verticalStartPoint: VerticalAlignment.Bottom
    };

    public _overlaySettings = {
        closeOnOutsideClick: false,
        positionStrategy: new ConnectedPositioningStrategy(this._positionSettings)
    };

    public toggle() {
        this._overlaySettings.positionStrategy.settings.target = this.igxButton.nativeElement;
        this.igxToggle.toggle(this._overlaySettings);
    }
```

This is how our toggle should look like now:

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 370px">
    <iframe id="toggle-iframe" src='{environment:demosBaseUrl}/interactions/toggle' width="100%" height="100%" seamless frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="toggle-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">                       view on stackblitz
    </button>
</div>

> #### Automatic toggle actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automatic Toggle Actions
```

> In order to avoid using the `open` and `close` methods, we can operate with a directive, which has `onClick` handler, and changes the state of the toggle we are referring to automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to avoid using the `open` and `close` methods, we can use a directive, which has an `onClick` handler and changes the state of the toggle we are referring to automatically.
```

> If we would like to take advantage of this functionality, we will have to use the `IgxToggleActionDirective`, coming from the same `IgxToggleModule`, and assign the `IgxToggleDirective` to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we would like to take advantage of this functionality, we will have to use the `IgxToggleActionDirective` from the `IgxToggleModule` and assign the `IgxToggleDirective` to it.
```

    </button>
</div>

>[!NOTE]
> By default `IgxToggleActionDirective` excludes its host element from the [`closeOnOutsideClick`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/overlaysettings.html#closeonoutsideclick) property. Therefore, clicking on the host element will not fire any event. Additionally, this directive will set its host element as the position strategy [`target`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/positionsettings.html#target).

> #### Automatic toggle service provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automatic Toggle Service Provider
```

> There is a convenient way to keep the state of the `igxToggle` directive and command it through the[`igxNavigationService`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxnavigationservice.html) provider. We just need to set an identifier for our `igxToggle` which will trigger a registration into the service. If we would like to control this state automatically, we have to pass this identifier to the `igxToggleActionDirective`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a convenient way to keep the state of the `igxToggle` directive and command it via the [`igxNavigationService`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxnavigationservice.html) provider. We just need to set an identifier for our `igxToggle` element, which will be used to register the toggle with the service. If we would like to control its state automatically, we have to pass this identifier to the `igxToggleActionDirective`.
```

```html
<!--template.component.html-->
<button igxToggleAction="toggleId" class="toggle-button" igxButton="raised">Toggle</button>
<div igxToggle id="toggleId" class="toggle-content">
    <section class="toggle-section">

>         <h5>Automatic toggle actions with service provider</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h5>Toggled by the service provider</h5>
```

    </button>
</div>

> #### Offsetting the toggle container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Offsetting the Toggle Container
```
